Come on, Gus-Gus. Faster!
What's the hurry, Jaq-Jaq?
What's the hurry?
Fairy Godmother's here. She's gonna
read us the Cinderelly story.
Shh. Pom Pom.
Come on, Gus!
" Cinderella and the prince
lived happily ever after.
The end. "
- We missed it?
- Mm-hmm.
- Maybe you could read another one.
- Oh, I'm sorry, Gus...
but that's the only
Cinderella book there is.
Yeah, Gus-Gus. You heard her.
" The end. " That's all.
Uh, maybe we
could make another book.
- We can tell the stories.
- And make the drawings!
- Yeah! Yeah! - Yeah! Yeah!
- Oh, what an excellent idea.
No, no, wait a minute.
Who'd wanna read a book made by mice?
Cinderella would read it.
And if you made it,
I know that she'd love it.
But we don't know
how to make a book.
Oh, don't worry, dear.
I think I can help.
Salagadoola menchihka boola
Bibbidi bobbidi boo
Put 'em together and what have you got
Now, what do we need
A pencil, indeed
- And crayons - And
glitter - And glue
- We'll sew up the book with a thread and a hook
- Bibbidi bobbidi boo
Oh, very nice. Well done, little mice.
But something is missing it's true.
Oh, look there.
The pages are bare.
- We need a story from you.
- Who, us?
No, no, we don't know
any good stories.
Wait, wait!
How's about " First Day In Castle "?
Oh, yeah.
That is a good one.
I'd love to hear all about it.
It was right after Cinderelly
and the prince got married.
Mice-mice move to the big castle.
We had it all to ourselves, and we
were having the time of our lives.
Cinderelly's back!
- Oh, dear, they're back!
- They're back!
- We're back!
- Welcome home.
I still can't believe
I'm going to live in a castle.
Are you sure
this isn't just a dream?
You're a princess now.
Princess Cinderella.
She won't even know the first thing
about being a princess.
She just got back from her honeymoon.
It's going to be your duty
to prepare the girl.
Your Majesty, I am honoured.
Not you, ninny. Prudence!
Of course not you. He wants
the job done right the first time.
The royal banquet will be
Cinderella's responsibility now.
The royal banquet?
You'll teach her everything
she needs to know.
But, Sire, she won't know anything
about planning a royal banquet.
I don't know anything about
planning a royal banquet.
Oh, well. At least I can
stay past midnight.
Perfect!
And I'll be right by your side.
I have to go?
Now?
Father, I can't just
abandon my princess!
Not with the royal banquet
only two days away.
Nonsense! We have important
matters of state to attend to.
Important matters of state!
Eh, Father-
She hasn't had time to prepare.
She's never been a princess before.
I dare say, Majesty,
you do like your banquets just so, eh?
- It's a great deal to ask of the poor girl.
- Nonsense!
Your Majesty, I can take care
of the preparations as I always do.
Just show her what to do!
We have a princess now.
It's her duty to plan the banquet.
And the king's duty to endure it.
Yes, Your Majesty.
Now off we go!
- Thank you.
- I'm sorry I have to rush off.
Don't worry. I'll be fine.
I know you're gonna surprise us
with an incredible feast.
I just hope you're not
too surprised.
- Cinderelly! -
Cinderelly! - Cinderelly!
Jaq! Gus! Mary!
Hello, old friends.
Bruno!
Look-look. Big chair
for Princess Cinderelly!
Oh, my.
Big castle too.
Don't worry, Cinderelly.
Us mice here to help.
Why, thank you, Jaq. We've got
a big day ahead of us tomorrow.
Um, this way, fellas.
Good morning, Your Highness.
Your Highness!
Ready for breakfast?
How does a cheese omelette sound?
The princess is missing!
You! You, girl!
Have you seen the princess?
Good morning, Prudence.
Oh, I thought you-
But those awful clothes!
Well, I- I didn't recognize you,
Your Highness.
Allow me to introduce
your ladies in waiting.
- Beatrice and Daphne.
- Pleased to meet you.
You're just in time for breakfast.
Breakfast? Ooh, with toast and jam?
Your Highness, a princess
never prepares her own meals.
That is not how things are done.
There are rules about breakfast?
Of course there are rules,
Your Highness.
But it's certainly not your fault...
that you don't know
the traditions of the castle.
That's what the king
expects me to teach you.
I'm sure I can learn it in no time.
Mm-hmm. Come along.
There's no time to dally.
Just do as I say,
and everything will be fine.
The king would be horrified...
to find the hostess of the royal banquet
dressed like a scullery maid!
A princess must be attired
like royalty.
Do I have to wear this all the time?
Oh, of course not, Your Highness.
You'll need something
much more formal for dinner.
Couldn't I just wear
one of my own dresses?
Very amusing, Your Highness...
but it simply isn't done.
It's such a beautiful day.
Why don't we open the curtains?
No, no, no!
These curtains are never opened.
And certainly not
by a princess.
It most definitely isn't done.
Dukes and viscounts
sit nearest the king...
unless there is a marquis present.
Wouldn't it be nice if people
could just sit wherever they like?
No. You must never seat a duke...
above a marquis or below a baron.
Which colour is correct,
Your Highness?
Cream or ecru?
Um, e-e-ecru?
Goodness, no. Cream.
But there isn't any difference.
Oh, my. So much to learn.
So little time.
At the banquet, as always...
the royal menu shall consist
of the rarest roast beef...
French onion soup, tarragon mashed
potatoes, freshly baked baguettes...
the finest truffles in the kingdom
and, for dessert...
Norwegian stewed prunes.
Prunes?
For dessert?
The king expects it.
It is a tradition that is never broken.
Besides, I like them.
Your Highness shall pause here
to greet her noble guests.
Remember. Curtsy to royalty,
wave to nobility.
I know I can do this right.
- Cinderella!
- Cinderella! Hi!
My friends! Hello! Hello!
How nice to see you.
Wait just a minute.
- Open the gate!
- No, no, no!
These gates are only opened
for royal visitors.
You must remember the rules.
Commoners are never
allowed in the palace.
It simply isn't done.
Bye-bye!
At the very least, one must learn
to dance with poise and grace.
I'm trying.
I- I-I just need more practise.
It must be perfect.
It is the king's favourite dance.
No, no, no, Your Highness.
It must be slower and more formal.
Your Highness, eggshell or bone?
- Eggshell?
- Bone.
Now, who sits next to the count?
- The duke?
- The marquis.
- Gold or silver?
- For what?
- Baron or viscount?
- Who?
- Pekoe or Darjeeling?
- I don't know!
- Braised or broiled? -
Fish or fowl? - Stand or sit?
- Mind the music! - Hair
up or down? - Left or right?
- One or two? - Watch the
chair! - Your Highness!
Your Highness, the dance
is best performed on one's feet.
This is a disaster.
Poor Cinderelly.
Please don't cry.
Cinderelly not happy,
mice-mice not happy.
Jaq, what am I going to do?
I'm a complete failure
as a princess.
Why can't I learn to do this right?
Ah, look at me.
Cinderelly not look like Cinderelly.
It's true.
Something's just not right here.
Like, uh, stewed prunes?
Exactly, Gus. And why do they
have to keep the palace so dark?
And that awful dance.
- And those boring colours that all look the same.
- And stewed prunes!
Especially those rules about
keeping commoners out of the palace!
Why, I was a dish maid when
the prince married me.
And he loves me because I'm me.
I've been trying to obey someone
else's rules about who I should be...
and how I should dress.
This hair!
I know I can do this. I just have
to stop trying to be someone else.
What's she gonna do, Jaq-Jaq?
Gus, I'm going to plan
this banquet my way.
Who's to say the rules
must stay the same forevermore
Open the gates!
Whoever made them had to change
the rules that came before
So make your own way
Show the beauty within
When you follow your heart
there's no heart you can't win
Oh! Why, thank you!
Your Highness,
the king would not approve.
You're supposed to be inviting dukes
and counts and other aristocrats.
- I am inviting them, along with all my friends here in the village.
- Thank you.
Your Highness,
I strongly advise against it.
It's simply not the way
things are done.
Perhaps the time has come
to try something new.
So reach for the sky
It's not high as it seems
Just follow your heart
Go as far as your dreams
This party needs help,
starting with dessert.
No prunes. Yuck!
Jaq-Jaq love chocolate.
Chocolate pudding!
Now that sounds good.
We never get to dance like this.
Dance if you want to
Don't fear you'll fall
Take a chance, 'cause it's better
than never to chance it at all
It simply isn't done.
It simply isn't done!
" It simply isn't done! "
It simply isn't done It simply
isn't done It simply isn't done
There's a world for the changing
and you've just begun
Don't let them tell you
it's simply not done
When you follow your heart
you'll shine bright as the sun
- Your Highness, sand or buff?
- Which colour do you like?
Hmm. Pink!
Perfect.
Hmm. Something's still missing.
Now, that's more like it.
- What will the king say?
- I know this is a big change.
But I have to try this my way.
Well, then, I certainly hope
you know what you're doing.
They're here, Cinderelly!
They're here!
Well, it's too late
to turn back now.
Now, this dance is more like it.
Oh, this dance is horrifying!
The king has arrived.
Pudding!
What in blazes is going on here?
Your Majesty!
- Who opened those curtains?
- This is all Princess Cinderella's doing!
Oh, what a lovely moon.
- I tried to teach her, Sire.
- Commoners in the palace?
She simply refused to listen.
- Oh, hello, Giuseppe!
- It's a scandal!
Your Majesty, I can explain.
What is this?
Your dessert, Sire.
No prunes for dessert?
An absolute outrage!
Mmm, chocolate.
My favourite!
What happened to the music?
Everybody dance!
I always said we needed
some new traditions around here.
Go on, now, Prudence.
You're missing all the fun.
- Did I miss something?
- Surprise!
Splendid job. Splendid!
It is the princess
who deserves your praise, Sire.
And I am honoured to be
at Her Highness's service.
I think we're going
to be great friends.
I told my son
he had chosen well.
You're a natural.
Hooray! Hooray!
Another dance!
I'm glad you do things
your own way.
Someday I'll get
this princess thing right.
I think that day is today.
Well, Cinderella certainly turned
things around, didn't she?
Yeah, no more big hair.
Or prunes.
Can't get it.
Oh, let me help with that.
Whoa!
Watch it.
I don't like that magic stuff.
Remember what
happened last time.
Oh, now there's a story
we should tell.
Yeah, that's a good one!
Oh, no. No, no, no.
Very, very boring story.
We don't want to hear that one.
- But, Jaq, it's my favourite.
- Okay, let's hear it.
Well, it certainly was
an unusual wish, Jaq, dear.
But things didn't turn out
quite the way you had planned.
Duh, what are we doing
in the garden, Jaq-Jaq?
Gus-Gus not had breakfast yet.
Gus-Gus, we're going to pick
flowers for Cinderelly.
- What for?
- Because we never get a chance to do anything for Cinderelly now.
Uh, sure we do.
- Like what?
- Uh, well, uh, duh, uh, let's see.
See?
Oh, Cinderelly don't need mice-mice.
She got lots of people to help her.
Well, I want to bring her
a big bunch of flowers.
- That's enough!
- You've got to think big, Gus-Gus.
P- P-P-P-Pom Pom!
- Your flowers, Highness.
- Well, thank you.
Oh, these are even prettier
than yesterday's.
Here's the list of remaining
preparations for the festival tomorrow.
Oh. We sure throw a lot of parties
around here, don't we?
Oh, this is no mere party, Highness.
This is the Spring Festival!
Oh, good morning, fellas.
What do you have there?
For you.
But they're too small.
They're beautiful!
How very sweet. Thank you.
Your Highness,
the festival committee is assembled...
in the library
awaiting your instructions.
And the bath is in the pantry
awaiting you.
I'll see you later, boys.
Good morning, Jaq.
Hello, Mary.
Pretty coat!
I made it for you.
Want to try it on?
Oh, very nice.
Cinderelly forgot party list!
Jaq can help.
Take list to Cinderelly!
I- I-I-I-I got it!
No problem.
I'll be right back.
Very well, the prince and I will cut
the ribbon to begin the festival.
Now, any other suggestions?
I propose we move
the Spring Festival to summer.
Genius! I wish I had
thought of it myself.
Then I'm afraid it wouldn't be
a Spring Festival any more.
- Yes, yes, quite so. Of course not, I dare say, Your Highness.
- Yummy.
Perhaps this year we should
not invite the children.
- Can't open.
- They appear to be always underfoot. No children. A brilliant idea.
But the festival is for the children.
And an even more brilliant rebuttal!
Oh, I suppose.
But the lines are so long.
No problem. We'll add more rides.
Help! Oh, I can't stand mice!
Oh! Disgusting!
Jaq, are you all right?
No help to Cinderelly.
Just make a big mess.
I'm sorry, Jaq.
Tell you what.
I'm about to go out to the fairgrounds.
Why don't you come with me?
- I could really use your help.
- Help? Zug-zug!
Meet me at the stables
in ten minutes.
No problem.
Here we are. There, Charger.
Wow. Not sure Cinderelly
can find me down here.
Jaq?
- Jaq?
- Hey, Cind-
- Your Highness, your escort is waiting for you outside.
Thank you. Jaq?
Cinderelly!
Oh, well.
I guess he couldn't come.
Oh, no!
Cinderelly, wait!
Cinderelly!
Cinderelly?
I never get to do anything any more.
I never get to help.
Get left behind sitting in the dirt.
Used to help a lot.
Now I'm too small to do this, too small
to do that, too small to help Cinderelly.
No good to anybody!
Castle not like old house. Castle for
big people. No place for mice. No place!
Everything's bigger than me.
Even flowers bigger!
Don't like being small.
Don't like being a mouse.
I wish I was big!
There, there, dear.
Tell me all-
Jaq? Uh, Jaq?
Oh, there you are, dear.
I heard your wish, Jaq.
Aren't you happy the way you are?
Only big people help Cinderelly.
I want to be big!
No, I want to be human.
Human? Oh, good heavens!
But, Jaq, you've always helped
Cinderella just the way you are.
Cinderelly's a princess now. No time
for mice. Nobody likes mice anyway.
So that's what you think.
I get beat up by cat and-
and horse and- and big, scary lady!
Humans are bigger.
Bigger better.
If you really feel that way...
perhaps it would be
for the best to grant your wish.
Bibbidi bobbidi boo!
The sun's up shining
Silver lining
It's gonna be a beautiful day
Jaq. The human Jaq.
How do you do?
- Church bells ringing
Birds all singing - I- I-
Everything's going my way
Zug-zug. I really am human.
Climb the trees
Smell the breeze
Laugh with all your might
Blue skies showing
Everything's going right
You'll never stop the raining
by sitting and complaining
It all comes down to you
You'll smile again
It happens when
You change your point of view
- I love the view from up here!
- When you're small, one inch tall
And then you're six foot two
You've hit the big time now
and the world is looking up to you
There she is.
What am I going to say?
Princess Cinderelly,
it's me. Jaq!
Look, I'm human now.
I'm human now too!
When you're small
One inch tall
And then you're six foot two
- You've hit the big time now
- Princess Cinderelly!
- The world is looking up to you
- It's me!
Yeah, you
- My dear sir.
- Oh, you poor man!
- Sir, um- - I'm hu-
- Oh, Sir Hugh, is it?
- Well, then. Pleased to know you.
- I, uh, " knows " to please you too!
- Are you all right, Sir Hugh?
- Yes, yes, I- - Hugh, eh?
- Would that be Belgian?
- What? Eh, no, no.
No, no, no, of course not.
No accent.
I'm so sorry about the mess.
Here, let me help you.
No, no, that's why I'm here.
To- To help you. I'm-
Aha! The committee sent you!
Oh. You're here to help
with the Spring Festival?
- You're Dutch!
- No. I mean yes. Uh, but I'm-
Late! Your Highness, it is late.
We're expected back at the palace.
- Shall we ride back together?
- Ride? On horses?
- Nice horsie!
- Sir Hugh?
Have you ridden before?
Sir Hugh? Sir Hugh?
Oh, there you are.
Oh. Peach blossoms.
Aren't you sweet?
They're beautiful. Thank you.
Ah, Highness, there you are.
The tailor is in an absolute dither.
The cook is having a crisis.
The animal trainer is flummoxed!
And they're all asking for you.
Could you please find a vase for these?
I'll be right back.
Thank you, Sir Hugh.
You're a big help.
Perfect.
Helping Cinderelly with flowers.
Pom Pom!
I shouldn't be afraid of cat!
I am human now.
Bigger than cat.
But I am still afraid of cat!
Oh, good.
You found a vase.
Happy to help.
Uh, what I want to s-
Your Highness, the Countess LeGrand
is awaiting you in the dining hall.
Think you could keep
her company till I get there?
A mouse!
What am I doing?
I'm a man now.
- A big, fat mouse!
- Oh, no. Gus-Gus!
Get away!
My hero.
Oh, you saved me.
Well, I think we just found the couple
to lead the first dance.
We better go get ready.
I'll send a valet for you, Sir Hugh.
See you at the festival.
Hey, Mary, where's Jaq-Jaq?
I don't know, Gus.
I'm worried about him.
Here I am.
Wait!
It's me.
Jaq, is everything all right, dear?
Uh, oh, yes. Great.
No problem.
Well, I think you gave your friends
a bit of a fright.
They ran away from me.
Even Mary.
Oh, now surely you don't miss
being a mouse.
No, I guess not.
Aren't you happy being human?
Yeah. Sure not as easy
as I thought.
But I know I'll get it.
Her Highness Cinderella
is asking for you.
The evening's festivities
are upon us.
- Zug-zug!
- Jaq?
Zug-zug, eh? I don't believe
I'm familiar with that expression.
Um, it-it means-
It's French.
Aha! French is it?
Well, that explains everything.
Ladies and gentlemen,
let the Spring Festival begin.
- Race you to the Ferris wheel!
- Look there.
Hi.
Oh, an elephant!
Come on! I just love elephants!
- Your Majesty, uh-
- Let's go!
Around the world!
Up and down. Up and down.
Around like a Ferris wheel.
Uh, are you sure
Jaq-Jaq's here, Mary?
He must be, Gus.
Let's find him.
Sir Hugh, are you
enjoying yourself?
Well, um, there's something-
You're not whispering
about me, are you?
I believe I promised
you two the first dance.
What a lovely dancer.
Oh, my!
Oh! Sir Hugh!
Is that your kitty?
Oh! Isn't she precious?
Oh!
Ready for the next dance?
Nice kitty.
Oh, I hate elephants!
This is all my fault!
I wish Fairy Godmother was here.
Jaq, this is your chance to help.
What can I do?
Hmm, an elephant.
What do you think could stop him?
- Stop in the name of the king!
- Don't know.
Perhaps a mouse?
Aren't all elephants
afraid of mice?
Are you a man or a mouse?
I'm a mouse!
Oh, dear, now!
How does it go again?
Oh, yes!
Bibbidi bobbidi boo!
Help!
Oh! I can see my castle!
I guess there are some things
only a mouse can do.
I'm a mouse!
Yes! I'm a mouse!
I'm a mouse! I'm a mouse!
I'm so glad I'm a mouse!
I'm a mouse! Jaq is back!
I'm a mouse! A mouse!
M- O-U-S-E
I'm a mousie mousie
Oh. Sir Hugh's kitty!
Come, sweetums.
Let's go find your master.
Oh, aren't you just the sweetest,
little, most precious baby?
Jaq, that was so brave!
Mary, I really missed you.
You're a hero!
Jaq, you saved the day!
I can always count on you.
- You're right there when I need you.
- I am?
Yes, you are.
I'm so glad you're back!
Me too!
- Thank goodness that's over.
- Yeah.
No more magic for Jaq-Jaq!
- Not even a little?
- Whoa!
Hey, magic make this
go a lot faster!
Let's go to work.
Huh?
- Good gracious!
- Oh, no!
- I'm trying to sew.
- I'm splattered!
- How awful!
- It's tragic!
- I feel a bit pale.
- Watch out! That's my tail!
I think we've had
quite enough magic.
- What a mess! - Yeah, it's a mess,
all right. - A big, old, stinky mess.
- Oh, we've seen worse!
- Yeah.
- Remember when Anastasia fell
in love? - I sure do. - Yeah!
Cinderella's stepsister?
That Anastasia?
- Yeah!
- Now that's a messy story.
No. It's a love story.
Lucifer!
Stop hogging the mirror!
- That's mine!
- No! It's mine!
- No! Mine!
- Hey! That's mine!
Oh, you're right.
- It is yours.
- You did that on purpose!
- Did not! - Did too!
Girls, stop all this
bickering at once!
Cinderella's ball is tomorrow night,
so pay attention!
Every noble bachelor in
the kingdom will be there.
If you want to find a husband, you have
to make the most of this opportunity.
I won't let you fail me again.
- Yes, Mother.
Drizella, pin back those curls.
Anastasia, put more colour
in your cheeks!
A perfect appearance
is the only way...
to attract a proper gentleman.
We shall find you
men of wealth and nobility.
- Maybe a count.
- Or a duke.
Precisely.
Come along now.
We need new gowns for the both of you.
- With new shoes.
- And jewellery.
The fancier the better.
Lucifer, come.
Lucifer!
Morning, Cinderelly!
Why you dressed like that?
I'm going to the market in disguise
so no one will recognize me.
I want to surprise the prince
with a garland of flowers.
- Want to come along? - Oh,
yeah. Let's go! - Yes! Let's go!
Gus-Gus come along.
Remember the tradition.
Give these to each other at the ball,
and you'll always be together.
Don't you need a garland
of roses for the ball?
Guaranteed to win you his heart.
Anastasia, what are you doing?
Oh! Nothing. Coming.
Everything smells so good.
Would you like one?
Oh, be careful. They're hot.
Anastasia, I think not.
Everything in this shop is
inferior.
You can build a house
out of these bricks.
Come along, Anastasia.
You're not to say a word
to that shopkeeper.
- I forbid it!
- Yes, Mother.
He's got that look...
and I know that look.
Seasick?
Oh, very funny.
I think they're in love.
Anastasia's in love?
That's crazy, Cinderelly!
Oh, come on, you two.
Anyone can fall in love.
Anyone but Anastasia.
- Maybe she just needs some help.
- Yeah, lots of help.
Well, I had lots of help too,
remember?
We have to figure out how
to get them together again.
I know! We'll lure them into the
square, and here's how we'll do it.
The birds will get her hat.
You get the baker's attention.
Bring Anastasia back here. Get the baker to come
outside and they'll meet right in front of the shop.
That's right, Gus.
They'll never know what hit them.
- Hey.
- Okay, fellas...
get his attention, and remember,
keep it simple.
Mice in my baguettes!
Lucifey!
Come back here! Oh!
Oh! Filthy creatures!
Are you okay?
Oh, no!
Anastasia?
What are you doing here
dressed like that?
You look like a laundry maid.
I'm not the one
with egg on my face.
I saw you in the baker's shop.
He must think I'm-
He saw it was an accident.
Don't give up so fast.
What would you know?
You're beautiful.
It's always been easy for you.
Easy? That's not
how I remember it.
Look, Anastasia, you just need
a little help, that's all.
If I weren't
so clumsy and plain-
Listen, why don't you
come back to the castle?
We'll clean you up and then
we'll get you two together.
But Mother forbids it!
She thinks he's beneath me.
And I think she's wrong.
The baker's terrific.
And he cooks too.
Yoo-hoo!
Lucifey like Pom Pom, yes?
Mice can help if Lucifey promise
to stop chasing mice!
Deal?
- There. Good as new.
- Don't stop now!
Mother says that looks
count for everything.
Well, of course you want to look your best,
but that's not the most important thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What I need is a whole new look.
Make me look good
make me look swell
Make me look fine
We're pourin' it on
you just sit back
'Cause, baby, you're mine
You send me into a spin
Make a splash
when you walk in
Those eyes so rare
the lips, the hair
You're a breath of fresh air
Brushing the fur
comb the hair out
Trim up the toes
Give me the dress and the shoes
And the jewellery and clothes
You can judge your books
from how the cover looks
Wear make-up by the ounce
But didn't they tell you
it's what's inside that counts
Make me a star
make me look great
Make me look grand
I got style and grace
but it's a painted-up face
Gets you a man
Snip, cut
when we are through
You're gonna look so good
it's true
The fur, the bows
the chin, the nose
Oh, ah
Ooh-la-la
Looks won't hide
It's what's inside that counts
You wanna be a bride
What about a necklace?
- Lucifer!
- Stupid cat.
Remember, you'll catch more flies
with honey than with vinegar.
What does that mean?
Who'd want to catch flies?
I mean the best way to impress
the baker is just to be nice to him.
- How do I do that?
- You could start with a smile.
Better get me
a bigger necklace.
Come on.
- I make babies cry too.
- Here.
He'll never be able to resist.
You think so?
But what if Mother catches me?
She told me never to speak
to the baker again!
Maybe it's time to stop following
someone else's orders...
and start following your heart.
It's late!
I have to go!
But what about the baker?
I could walk you to his shop.
Meet you in the market
at noon tomorrow?
I can hardly wait!
Mother, I have to run to town.
We're out of bread.
Hey!
Excuse me. Can I borrow this?
Thanks!
Oh!
I'll wait for you
by the apple cart.
- Do you think she'll like them?
- They're beautiful!
She's going to love them!
What? What happened?
Anastasia!
Run for it!
The deal is off!
Don't look at me!
I look horrible!
Wait! Please!
Anastasia!
How dare you defy me!
You were forbidden
to speak to this man!
Oh, look at her!
It's a disaster!
We'll be the laughing stock
of the entire town.
You've embarrassed yourself
quite enough with this foolishness.
Dear child, you know I only have
your best interests at heart.
You deserve better.
Come along.
No, Mother!
You're wrong!
- He's sweet.
- She's wonderful.
He's romantic. And we are going
to the ball together.
Drizella, come along.
Drizella!
Oh, thank you!
I never dreamed I could be this happy.
You see?
Dreams do come true.
Hmm, looks good!
Hmm, needs something.
Oh, Gus-Gus, where's your bow?
Right here.
- Ta-da!
- Perfect.
- All finished!
- Are you ready to show Cinderella?
Look! There she is.
Let's go!
Salagadoola menchichka boola
Bibbidi bobbidi boo
Put 'em together and what have you got
Salagadoola menchichka boola
Bibbidi bobbidi boo
It'll do magic believe it or not
Now salagadoola-mee
and menchichka boola-roo
But the thingamabob that does the job
is Bibbidi bobbidi boo
- Cinderelly! Yoo-hoo.
- Cinderelly. Cinderelly.
- Look what we made!
- Whoa!
Look out!
- What's this?
- It's a book. We made it!
- Do ya like it?
- I love it! What's it about?
- Uh, it's about all of us.
- How wonderful!
I don't suppose you'd want
to read this together, would you?
- All right! -
Yes! - Oh, boy!
Oh, boy! Oh, boy!
Oh, look!
We're all in here.
And these are our stories.
" Once upon a time
there was a big castle...
and in this castle lived
a prince and a princess- "